_pages/member-resources.md, before:

---
permalink: /member-resources/
title: "Member Resources"
layout: single
toc: true
---
## Red Desk
Explainer

Link to site

## Harassment and Grievance Policy
<a href="https://d3n8a8pro7vhmx.cloudfront.net/dsausa/mailings/1795/attachments/original/DSA_Harassment_Resolution.pdf?1511384152">Democratic Socialists of America: Harassment Policy</a>

Written by The Harassment Working Group, passed as Resolution 33 at the 2017 DSA Convention on Aug. 4, 2017

<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mvXHsRtPCkuhcpl7oLxCP99SE629eENZEVx58JAMoNY/edit">On Harassment Policy and Grievance Procedure</a>

Passed as Resolution 2 at the 2017 MDC DSA Convention on Oct. 7, 2017

<a href="https://d3n8a8pro7vhmx.cloudfront.net/dsausa/mailings/1795/attachments/original/Dear_Comrade_Letter.pdf?1511384153">“Dear Comrade Letter” implementation guidance and resources</a>

Written by The Harassment Working Group, last updated Nov. 22, 2017

DSA is committed to creating a space that is welcoming and inclusive to members of all genders, races, and classes. This policy provides guidelines to ensure that everyone is able to organize without fear of harassment, abuse, or harm.

To file a grievance, contact a Metro DC DSA harassment grievance officer (HGO). Our two HGOs can be contacted via an email address that functions as a confidential reporting “hotline” and is only accessible by the HGOs: hgo@mdcdsa.org. Please include your contact information, the names of the parties involved, and a description of the incident(s) you would like to report.

The HGO(s) will conduct interviews and any other necessary investigation, determine if a report is credible, and make any recommendation of appropriate disciplinary action to the Steering Committee, in writing, within 30 days. (Per a Steering Committee vote on Aug. 20, 2018, if any Steering member either files or is the subject of a grievance, they will recuse themselves from any HGO communication to Steering regarding said grievance.)

In order to ensure an effective alternative option for anyone who does not have full faith and confidence that their report will be quickly and correctly resolved through the chapter’s HGO(s), <a href="https://www.dsausa.org/june_updates_2018">National has also designated an HGO</a>. To file a grievance with National, use <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe4Ra7UifhPsSYvxMgE6TvBYzXf8OVyBuzt9byKyxYgUYXUEA/viewform">this form</a>.

Resolution 33 prohibits retaliation against any member for filing a grievance.

Commit message:

Updated member resources and red desk

_pages/member-resources.md, after:

---
permalink: /member-resources/
title: "Member Resources"
layout: single
toc: true
---
## Red Desk
The Red Desk is Metro DC DSA's internal support system. At the Red Desk, you can submit requests for pretty much anything in the chapter, including:

Social media posts

Funding for chapter-approved expenses

Agenda items for the General Body Meeting or an upcoming Steering Committee meeting

Use of chapter equipment for approved events

Graphics or text for promotional materials

With the Red Desk, you can track your request status and make sure that the appropriate committee handles it in a timely fashion.

You can get started with it <a href="https://reddesk.mdcdsa.org/">here</a>.

## Harassment and Grievance Policy
<a href="https://d3n8a8pro7vhmx.cloudfront.net/dsausa/mailings/1795/attachments/original/DSA_Harassment_Resolution.pdf?1511384152">Democratic Socialists of America: Harassment Policy</a>

Written by The Harassment Working Group, passed as Resolution 33 at the 2017 DSA Convention on Aug. 4, 2017

<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mvXHsRtPCkuhcpl7oLxCP99SE629eENZEVx58JAMoNY/edit">On Harassment Policy and Grievance Procedure</a>

Passed as Resolution 2 at the 2017 MDC DSA Convention on Oct. 7, 2017

<a href="https://d3n8a8pro7vhmx.cloudfront.net/dsausa/mailings/1795/attachments/original/Dear_Comrade_Letter.pdf?1511384153">“Dear Comrade Letter” implementation guidance and resources</a>

Written by The Harassment Working Group, last updated Nov. 22, 2017

DSA is committed to creating a space that is welcoming and inclusive to members of all genders, races, and classes. This policy provides guidelines to ensure that everyone is able to organize without fear of harassment, abuse, or harm.

To file a grievance, contact a Metro DC DSA harassment grievance officer (HGO). Our two HGOs can be contacted via an email address that functions as a confidential reporting “hotline” and is only accessible by the HGOs: hgo@mdcdsa.org. Please include your contact information, the names of the parties involved, and a description of the incident(s) you would like to report.

The HGO(s) will conduct interviews and any other necessary investigation, determine if a report is credible, and make any recommendation of appropriate disciplinary action to the Steering Committee, in writing, within 30 days. (Per a Steering Committee vote on Aug. 20, 2018, if any Steering member either files or is the subject of a grievance, they will recuse themselves from any HGO communication to Steering regarding said grievance.)

In order to ensure an effective alternative option for anyone who does not have full faith and confidence that their report will be quickly and correctly resolved through the chapter’s HGO(s), <a href="https://www.dsausa.org/june_updates_2018">National has also designated an HGO</a>. To file a grievance with National, use <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe4Ra7UifhPsSYvxMgE6TvBYzXf8OVyBuzt9byKyxYgUYXUEA/viewform">this form</a>.

Resolution 33 prohibits retaliation against any member for filing a grievance.
